docs/configuring.md, before:

# Configuring

All app configuration is specified in [`/public/conf.yml`](https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy/blob/master/public/conf.yml) which is in [YAML Format](https://yaml.org/) format.

If you're new to YAML, it's pretty straight-forward. The format is exactly the same as that of JSON, but instead of using curley braces, structure is denoted using whitespace. This [quick guide](https://linuxhandbook.com/yaml-basics/) should get you up to speed in a few minutes, for more advanced topics take a look at this [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML) and for some practicle examples, the  [Azure pipelines schema](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema?view=azure-devops&tabs=schema%2Cparameter-schema) may be useful.

You may find it helpful to look at some sample config files to get you started, a collection of which can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/Lissy93/000f712a5ce98f212817d20bc16bab10).

There's a couple of things to remember, before getting started:
- After modifying your config, the app needs to be recompiled, run `yarn build` (this happens automatically in newer versions)
- You can check that your config file fits the schema, by running `yarn validate-config`
- Any which are only saved locally through the UI need to be exported into this file, in order for them to persist across devices

### Config Saving Methods
When updating the config through the JSON editor in the UI, you have two save options: **Local** or **Write to Disk**. Changes saved locally will only be applied to the current user through the browser, and to apply to other instances, you either need to use the cloud sync feature, or manually update the conf.yml file. On the other-hand, if you choose to write changes to disk, then your main `conf.yml` file will be updated, and changes will be applied to all users, and visible across all devices. 

### Preventing Changes being Written to Disk
To disallow any changes from being written to disk, then set `appConfig.allowConfigEdit: false`. If you are using users, and have setup `auth` within Dashy, then only users with `type: admin` will be able to write config changes to disk.

It is recommended to make a backup of your config file.

All fields are optional, unless otherwise stated.

### Top-Level Fields

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`pageInfo`** | `object` | Required | Basic meta data like title, description, nav bar links, footer text. See [`pageInfo`](#pageinfo)
**`appConfig`** | `object` | _Optional_ | Settings related to how the app functions, including API keys and global styles. See [`appConfig`](#appconfig-optional)
**`sections`** | `array` | Required | An array of sections, each containing an array of items, which will be displayed as links. See [`section`](#section)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `PageInfo`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`title`** | `string` |  Required | Your dashboard title, displayed in the header and browser tab
**`description`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Description of your dashboard, also displayed as a subtitle
**`navLinks`** | `array` | _Optional_ | Optional list of a maximum of 6 links, which will be displayed in the navigation bar. See [`navLinks`](#pageinfonavlinks-optional)
**`footerText`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Text to display in the footer (note that this will override the default footer content). This can also include HTML and inline CSS

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `pageInfo.navLinks` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`title`** | `string` |  Required | The text to display on the link button
**`path`** | `string` | Required | The URL to navigate to when clicked. Can be relative (e.g. `/about`) or absolute (e.g. `https://example.com` or `http://192.168.1.1`)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `appConfig` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`statusCheck`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | When set to `true`, Dashy will ping each of your services and display their status as a dot next to each item. This can be overridden by setting `statusCheck` under each item. Defaults to `false`
**`statusCheckInterval`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | The number of seconds between checks. If set to `0` then service will only be checked on initial page load, which is usually the desired functionality. If value is less than `10` you may experience a hit in performance. Defaults to `0`
**`backgroundImg`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Path to an optional full-screen app background image. This can be either remote (http) or local (/). Note that this will slow down initial load
**`enableFontAwesome`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | Where `true` is enabled, if left blank font-awesome will be enabled only if required by 1 or more icons
**`fontAwesomeKey`** | `string` | _Optional_ | If you have a font-awesome key, then you can use it here and make use of premium icons. It is a 10-digit alpha-numeric string from you're FA kit URL  (e.g. `13014ae648`)
**`faviconApi`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Which service to use to resolve favicons. Set to `local` to do this locally, without using an API. Available options are: `local`, `faviconkit`, `google`, `clearbit`, `webmasterapi` and `allesedv`. Defaults to `faviconkit`. See [Icons](/docs/icons.md#favicons) for more info
**`auth`** | `array` | _Optional_ | An array of objects containing usernames and hashed passwords. If this is not provided, then authentication will be off by default, and you will not need any credentials to access the app. Note authentication is done on the client side, and so if your instance of Dashy is exposed to the internet, it is recommend to configure your web server to handle this. See [`auth`](#appconfigauth-optional)
**`layout`** | `string` | _Optional_ | App layout, either `horizontal`, `vertical`, `auto` or `sidebar`. Defaults to `auto`. This specifies the layout and direction of how sections are positioned on the home screen. This can also be modified from the UI.
**`iconSize`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The size of link items / icons. Can be either `small`, `medium,` or `large`. Defaults to `medium`. This can also be set directly from the UI.
**`theme`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The default theme for first load (you can change this later from the UI)
**`cssThemes`** | `string[]` | _Optional_ | An array of custom theme names which can be used in the theme switcher dropdown
**`externalStyleSheet`** | `string`  or `string[]` | _Optional_ | Either a URL to an external stylesheet or an array or URLs, which can be applied as themes within the UI
**`customCss`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Raw CSS that will be applied to the page. This can also be set from the UI. Please minify it first.
**`hideComponents`** | `object` | _Optional_ | A list of key page components (header, footer, search, settings, etc) that are present by default, but can be removed using this option. See [`appConfig.hideComponents`](#appconfighideComponents-optional)
**`allowConfigEdit`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | Should prevent / allow the user to write configuration changes to the conf.yml from the UI. When set to `false`, the user can only apply changes locally using the config editor within the app, whereas if set to `true` then changes can be written to disk directly through the UI. Defaults to `true`. Note that if authentication is enabled, the user must be of type `admin` in order to apply changes globally.
**`disableServiceWorker`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | Service workers cache web applications to improve load times and offer basic offline functionality, and are enabled by default in Dashy. The service worker can sometimes cause older content to be cached, requiring the app to be hard-refreshed. If you do not want SW functionality, or are having issues with caching, set this property to `true` to disable all service workers.
**`disableContextMenu`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the custom right-click context menu will be disabled. Defaults to `false`.

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `appConfig.auth` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`user`** | `string` | Required | Username to log in with
**`hash`** | `string` | Required | A SHA-256 hashed password
**`type`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The user type, either admin or normal

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `appConfig.hideComponents` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`hideHeading`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the page title & sub-title will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideNav`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the navigation menu will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideSearch`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the search bar will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideSettings`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the settings menu will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideFooter`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the footer will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideSplashScreen`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, splash screen will not be visible while the app loads. Defaults to `true` (except on first load, when the loading screen is always shown)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`name`** | `string` | Required | The title for the section
**`icon`** | `string` | _Optional_ | An single icon to be displayed next to the title. See [`section.icon`](#sectionicon-and-sectionitemicon)
**`items`** | `array` | Required | An array of items to be displayed within the section. See [`item`](#sectionitem)
**`displayData`** | `object` | _Optional_ | Meta-data to optionally overide display settings for a given section. See [`displayData`](#sectiondisplaydata-optional)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section.item`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`title`** | `string` | Required | The text to display/ title of a given item. Max length `18`
**`description`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Additional info about an item, which is shown in the tooltip on hover, or visible on large tiles
**`url`** | `string` | Required | The URL / location of web address for when the item is clicked
**`icon`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The icon for a given item. Can be a font-awesome icon, favicon, remote URL or local URL. See [`item.icon`](#sectionicon-and-sectionitemicon)
**`target`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The opening method for when the item is clicked, either `newtab`, `sametab`, `modal` or `workspace`. Where `newtab` will open the link in a new tab, `sametab` will open it in the current tab, and `modal` will open a pop-up modal with the content displayed within that iframe. Note that for the iframe to load, you must have set the CORS headers to either allow `*` ot allow the domain that you are hosting Dashy on, for some websites and self-hosted services, this is already set.
**`statusCheck`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | When set to `true`, Dashy will ping the URL associated with the current service, and display its status as a dot next to the item. The value here will override `appConfig.statusCheck` so you can turn off or on checks for a given service. Defaults to `appConfig.statusCheck`, falls back to `false`
**`statusCheckUrl`** | `string` | _Optional_ | If you've enabled `statusCheck`, and want to use a different URL to what is defined under the item, then specify it here
**`statusCheckHeaders`** | `object` | _Optional_ | If you're endpoint requires any specific headers for the status checking, then define them here 
**`color`** | `string` | _Optional_ | An optional color for the text and font-awesome icon to be displayed in. Note that this will override the current theme and so may not display well
**`backgroundColor`** | `string` | _Optional_ | An optional background fill color for the that given item. Again, this will override the current theme and so might not display well against the background

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section.displayData` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`collapsed`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If true, the section will  be collapsed initially, and will need to be clicked to open. Useful for less regularly used, or very long sections. Defaults to `false` 
**`color`** | `string` | _Optional_ | A custom accent color for the section, as a hex code or HTML color (e.g. `#fff`)
**`customStyles`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Custom CSS properties that should be applied to that section, e.g. `border: 2px dashed #ff0000;`
**`itemSize`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Specify the size for items within this group, either `small`, `medium` or `large`. Note that this will overide any settings specified through the UI
**`rows`** | `number` | _Optional_ | Height of the section, specified as the number of rows it should span vertically, e.g. `2`. Defaults to `1`. Max is `5`.
**`cols`** | `number` | _Optional_ | Width of the section, specified as the number of columns the section should span horizontally, e.g. `2`. Defaults to `1`. Max is `5`.
**`sectionLayout`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Specify which CSS layout will be used to responsivley place items. Can be either `auto` (which uses flex layout), or `grid`. If `grid` is selected, then `itemCountX` and `itemCountY` may also be set. Defaults to `auto`
**`itemCountX`** | `number` | _Optional_ | The number of items to display per row / horizontally. If not set, it will be calculated automatically based on available space. Can only be set if `sectionLayout` is set to `grid`. Must be a whole number between `1` and `12`
**`itemCountY`** | `number` | _Optional_ | The number of items to display per column / vertically. If not set, it will be calculated automatically based on available space. If `itemCountX` is set, then `itemCountY` can be calculated automatically. Can only be set if `sectionLayout` is set to `grid`. Must be a whole number between `1` and `12`

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section.icon` and `section.item.icon`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`icon`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The icon for a given item or section. Can be a font-awesome icon, favicon, remote URL or local URL. If set to `favicon`, the icon will be automatically fetched from the items website URL. To use font-awesome, specify the category, followed by the icon name, e.g. `fas fa-rocket`, `fab fa-monero` or `fal fa-duck` - note that to use pro icons, you mut specify `appConfig.fontAwesomeKey`. If set to `generative`, then a unique icon is generated from the apps URL or IP. You can also use hosted any by specifying it's URL, e.g. `https://i.ibb.co/710B3Yc/space-invader-x256.png`. To use a local image, first store it in `./public/item-icons/` (or `-v /app/public/item-icons/` in Docker) , and reference it by name and extension - e.g. set `image.png` to use `./public/item-icon/image.png`, you can also use sub-folders if you have a lot of icons, to keep them organised.

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### Example

```yaml
---
pageInfo:
  title: Home Lab
sections: # An array of sections
- name: Section 1 - Getting Started
  items: # An array of items
  - title: GitHub
    description: Source code and documentation on GitHub
    icon: fab fa-github
    url: https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy
  - title: Issues
    description: View currently open issues, or raise a new one
    icon: fas fa-bug
    url: https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy/issues
  - title: Demo
    description: A live demo
    icon: far fa-rocket
    url: https://dashy-demo-1.netlify.app 
- name: Section 2 - Local Services
  items:
  - title: Firewall
    icon: favicon
    url: http://192.168.1.1/
  - title: Game Server
    icon: https://i.ibb.co/710B3Yc/space-invader-x256.png
    url: http://192.168.130.1/
```

For more example config files, see: [this gist](https://gist.github.com/Lissy93/000f712a5ce98f212817d20bc16bab10)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

Commit message:

:memo: Adds Synk badge to readme, adds section docs, and updates configuring.md

docs/configuring.md, after:

# Configuring

All app configuration is specified in [`/public/conf.yml`](https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy/blob/master/public/conf.yml) which is in [YAML Format](https://yaml.org/) format.

Tips:
- You may find it helpful to look at some sample config files to get you started, a collection of which can be found [here](https://gist.github.com/Lissy93/000f712a5ce98f212817d20bc16bab10)
- You can check that your config file fits the schema, by running `yarn validate-config`
- After modifying your config, the app needs to be recompiled, by running `yarn build`  - this happens automatically whilst the app is running
- It is recommended to make and keep a backup of your config file. You can download your current config through the UI either from the Config menu, or using the `/download` endpoint.
- All fields are optional, unless otherwise stated.

### About YAML
If you're new to YAML, it's pretty straight-forward. The format is exactly the same as that of JSON, but instead of using curly braces, structure is denoted using whitespace. This [quick guide](https://linuxhandbook.com/yaml-basics/) should get you up to speed in a few minutes, for more advanced topics take a look at this [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML) and for some practicle examples, the  [Azure pipelines schema](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/yaml-schema?view=azure-devops&tabs=schema%2Cparameter-schema) may be useful.

### Config Saving Methods
When updating the config through the JSON editor in the UI, you have two save options: **Local** or **Write to Disk**.
- Changes saved locally will only be applied to the current user through the browser, and will not apply to other instances - you either need to use the cloud sync feature, or manually update the conf.yml file.
- On the other-hand, if you choose to write changes to disk, then your main `conf.yml` file will be updated, and changes will be applied to all users, and visible across all devices. For this functionality to work, you must be running Dashy with using the Docker container, or the Node server.  A backup of your current configuration will also be saved in the same directory. 

### Preventing Changes being Written to Disk
To disallow any changes from being written to disk via the UI config editor, set `appConfig.allowConfigEdit: false`. If you are using users, and have setup `auth` within Dashy, then only users with `type: admin` will be able to write config changes to disk.

### Top-Level Fields

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`pageInfo`** | `object` | Required | Basic meta data like title, description, nav bar links, footer text. See [`pageInfo`](#pageinfo)
**`appConfig`** | `object` | _Optional_ | Settings related to how the app functions, including API keys and global styles. See [`appConfig`](#appconfig-optional)
**`sections`** | `array` | Required | An array of sections, each containing an array of items, which will be displayed as links. See [`section`](#section)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `PageInfo`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`title`** | `string` |  Required | Your dashboard title, displayed in the header and browser tab
**`description`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Description of your dashboard, also displayed as a subtitle
**`navLinks`** | `array` | _Optional_ | Optional list of a maximum of 6 links, which will be displayed in the navigation bar. See [`navLinks`](#pageinfonavlinks-optional)
**`footerText`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Text to display in the footer (note that this will override the default footer content). This can also include HTML and inline CSS

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `pageInfo.navLinks` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`title`** | `string` |  Required | The text to display on the link button
**`path`** | `string` | Required | The URL to navigate to when clicked. Can be relative (e.g. `/about`) or absolute (e.g. `https://example.com` or `http://192.168.1.1`)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `appConfig` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`statusCheck`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | When set to `true`, Dashy will ping each of your services and display their status as a dot next to each item. This can be overridden by setting `statusCheck` under each item. Defaults to `false`
**`statusCheckInterval`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | The number of seconds between checks. If set to `0` then service will only be checked on initial page load, which is usually the desired functionality. If value is less than `10` you may experience a hit in performance. Defaults to `0`
**`backgroundImg`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Path to an optional full-screen app background image. This can be either remote (http) or local (/). Note that this will slow down initial load
**`enableFontAwesome`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | Where `true` is enabled, if left blank font-awesome will be enabled only if required by 1 or more icons
**`fontAwesomeKey`** | `string` | _Optional_ | If you have a font-awesome key, then you can use it here and make use of premium icons. It is a 10-digit alpha-numeric string from you're FA kit URL  (e.g. `13014ae648`)
**`faviconApi`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Only applicable if you are using favicons for item icons. Specifies which service to use to resolve favicons. Set to `local` to do this locally, without using an API. Services running locally will use this option always. Available options are: `local`, `faviconkit`, `google`, `clearbit`, `webmasterapi` and `allesedv`. Defaults to `faviconkit`. See [Icons](/docs/icons.md#favicons) for more info
**`auth`** | `array` | _Optional_ | An array of objects containing usernames and hashed passwords. If this is not provided, then authentication will be off by default, and you will not need any credentials to access the app. Note authentication is done on the client side, and so if your instance of Dashy is exposed to the internet, it is recommend to configure your web server to handle this. See [`auth`](#appconfigauth-optional)
**`layout`** | `string` | _Optional_ | App layout, either `horizontal`, `vertical`, `auto` or `sidebar`. Defaults to `auto`. This specifies the layout and direction of how sections are positioned on the home screen. This can also be modified from the UI.
**`iconSize`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The size of link items / icons. Can be either `small`, `medium,` or `large`. Defaults to `medium`. This can also be set directly from the UI.
**`theme`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The default theme for first load (you can change this later from the UI)
**`cssThemes`** | `string[]` | _Optional_ | An array of custom theme names which can be used in the theme switcher dropdown
**`externalStyleSheet`** | `string`  or `string[]` | _Optional_ | Either a URL to an external stylesheet or an array or URLs, which can be applied as themes within the UI
**`customCss`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Raw CSS that will be applied to the page. This can also be set from the UI. Please minify it first.
**`hideComponents`** | `object` | _Optional_ | A list of key page components (header, footer, search, settings, etc) that are present by default, but can be removed using this option. See [`appConfig.hideComponents`](#appconfighideComponents-optional)
**`allowConfigEdit`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | Should prevent / allow the user to write configuration changes to the conf.yml from the UI. When set to `false`, the user can only apply changes locally using the config editor within the app, whereas if set to `true` then changes can be written to disk directly through the UI. Defaults to `true`. Note that if authentication is enabled, the user must be of type `admin` in order to apply changes globally.
**`disableServiceWorker`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | Service workers cache web applications to improve load times and offer basic offline functionality, and are enabled by default in Dashy. The service worker can sometimes cause older content to be cached, requiring the app to be hard-refreshed. If you do not want SW functionality, or are having issues with caching, set this property to `true` to disable all service workers.
**`disableContextMenu`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the custom right-click context menu will be disabled. Defaults to `false`.

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `appConfig.auth` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`user`** | `string` | Required | Username to log in with
**`hash`** | `string` | Required | A SHA-256 hashed password
**`type`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The user type, either admin or normal

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `appConfig.hideComponents` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`hideHeading`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the page title & sub-title will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideNav`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the navigation menu will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideSearch`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the search bar will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideSettings`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the settings menu will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideFooter`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, the footer will not be visible. Defaults to `false`
**`hideSplashScreen`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If set to `true`, splash screen will not be visible while the app loads. Defaults to `true` (except on first load, when the loading screen is always shown)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`name`** | `string` | Required | The title for the section
**`icon`** | `string` | _Optional_ | An single icon to be displayed next to the title. See [`section.icon`](#sectionicon-and-sectionitemicon)
**`items`** | `array` | Required | An array of items to be displayed within the section. See [`item`](#sectionitem)
**`displayData`** | `object` | _Optional_ | Meta-data to optionally overide display settings for a given section. See [`displayData`](#sectiondisplaydata-optional)

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section.item`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`title`** | `string` | Required | The text to display/ title of a given item. Max length `18`
**`description`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Additional info about an item, which is shown in the tooltip on hover, or visible on large tiles
**`url`** | `string` | Required | The URL / location of web address for when the item is clicked
**`icon`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The icon for a given item. Can be a font-awesome icon, favicon, remote URL or local URL. See [`item.icon`](#sectionicon-and-sectionitemicon)
**`target`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The opening method for when the item is clicked, either `newtab`, `sametab`, `modal` or `workspace`. Where `newtab` will open the link in a new tab, `sametab` will open it in the current tab, and `modal` will open a pop-up modal with the content displayed within that iframe. Note that for the iframe to load, you must have set the CORS headers to either allow `*` ot allow the domain that you are hosting Dashy on, for some websites and self-hosted services, this is already set.
**`statusCheck`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | When set to `true`, Dashy will ping the URL associated with the current service, and display its status as a dot next to the item. The value here will override `appConfig.statusCheck` so you can turn off or on checks for a given service. Defaults to `appConfig.statusCheck`, falls back to `false`
**`statusCheckUrl`** | `string` | _Optional_ | If you've enabled `statusCheck`, and want to use a different URL to what is defined under the item, then specify it here
**`statusCheckHeaders`** | `object` | _Optional_ | If you're endpoint requires any specific headers for the status checking, then define them here 
**`color`** | `string` | _Optional_ | An optional color for the text and font-awesome icon to be displayed in. Note that this will override the current theme and so may not display well
**`backgroundColor`** | `string` | _Optional_ | An optional background fill color for the that given item. Again, this will override the current theme and so might not display well against the background

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section.displayData` _(optional)_

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`collapsed`** | `boolean` | _Optional_ | If true, the section will  be collapsed initially, and will need to be clicked to open. Useful for less regularly used, or very long sections. Defaults to `false` 
**`color`** | `string` | _Optional_ | A custom accent color for the section, as a hex code or HTML color (e.g. `#fff`)
**`customStyles`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Custom CSS properties that should be applied to that section, e.g. `border: 2px dashed #ff0000;`
**`itemSize`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Specify the size for items within this group, either `small`, `medium` or `large`. Note that this will overide any settings specified through the UI
**`rows`** | `number` | _Optional_ | Height of the section, specified as the number of rows it should span vertically, e.g. `2`. Defaults to `1`. Max is `5`.
**`cols`** | `number` | _Optional_ | Width of the section, specified as the number of columns the section should span horizontally, e.g. `2`. Defaults to `1`. Max is `5`.
**`sectionLayout`** | `string` | _Optional_ | Specify which CSS layout will be used to responsivley place items. Can be either `auto` (which uses flex layout), or `grid`. If `grid` is selected, then `itemCountX` and `itemCountY` may also be set. Defaults to `auto`
**`itemCountX`** | `number` | _Optional_ | The number of items to display per row / horizontally. If not set, it will be calculated automatically based on available space. Can only be set if `sectionLayout` is set to `grid`. Must be a whole number between `1` and `12`
**`itemCountY`** | `number` | _Optional_ | The number of items to display per column / vertically. If not set, it will be calculated automatically based on available space. If `itemCountX` is set, then `itemCountY` can be calculated automatically. Can only be set if `sectionLayout` is set to `grid`. Must be a whole number between `1` and `12`

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### `section.icon` and `section.item.icon`

**Field** | **Type** | **Required**| **Description**
--- | --- | --- | ---
**`icon`** | `string` | _Optional_ | The icon for a given item or section. Can be a font-awesome icon, favicon, remote URL or local URL. If set to `favicon`, the icon will be automatically fetched from the items website URL. To use font-awesome, specify the category, followed by the icon name, e.g. `fas fa-rocket`, `fab fa-monero` or `fal fa-duck` - note that to use pro icons, you mut specify `appConfig.fontAwesomeKey`. If set to `generative`, then a unique icon is generated from the apps URL or IP. You can also use hosted any by specifying it's URL, e.g. `https://i.ibb.co/710B3Yc/space-invader-x256.png`. To use a local image, first store it in `./public/item-icons/` (or `-v /app/public/item-icons/` in Docker) , and reference it by name and extension - e.g. set `image.png` to use `./public/item-icon/image.png`, you can also use sub-folders if you have a lot of icons, to keep them organised.

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**

### Example

```yaml
---
pageInfo:
  title: Home Lab
sections: # An array of sections
- name: Section 1 - Getting Started
  items: # An array of items
  - title: GitHub
    description: Source code and documentation on GitHub
    icon: fab fa-github
    url: https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy
  - title: Issues
    description: View currently open issues, or raise a new one
    icon: fas fa-bug
    url: https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy/issues
  - title: Demo
    description: A live demo
    icon: far fa-rocket
    url: https://dashy-demo-1.netlify.app 
- name: Section 2 - Local Services
  items:
  - title: Firewall
    icon: favicon
    url: http://192.168.1.1/
  - title: Game Server
    icon: https://i.ibb.co/710B3Yc/space-invader-x256.png
    url: http://192.168.130.1/
```

For more example config files, see: [this gist](https://gist.github.com/Lissy93/000f712a5ce98f212817d20bc16bab10)

If you need any help, feel free to [Raise an Issue](https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy/issues/new?assignees=Lissy93&labels=%F0%9F%A4%B7%E2%80%8D%E2%99%82%EF%B8%8F+Question&template=question.md&title=%5BQUESTION%5D) or [Start a Discussion](https://github.com/Lissy93/dashy/discussions)

Happy Configuring 🤓🔧

**[⬆️ Back to Top](#configuring)**
