docs/readme.md, before:

![Dashy Docs](https://i.ibb.co/4mdNf7M/heading-docs.png)

### Running Dashy
- [Quick Start](/docs/quick-start.md) - TDLR guide on getting Dashy up and running
- [Deployment](/docs/deployment.md) - Full guide on deploying Dashy either locally or online
- [Configuring](/docs/configuring.md) - Complete list of all available options in the config file
- [App Management](/docs/management.md) - Managing your app, updating, security, web server configuration, etc
- [Troubleshooting](/docs/troubleshooting.md) - Common errors and problems, and how to fix them

### Development and Contributing 
- [Developing](/docs/developing.md) - Running Dashy development server locally, and general workflow
- [Development Guides](/docs/development-guides.md) - Common development tasks, to help new contributors
- [Contributing](/docs/contributing.md) - How you can help keep Dashy alive
- [Showcase](/docs/showcase.md) - See how others are using Dashy, and share your dashboard
- [Credits](/docs/credits.md) - List of people and projects that have made Dashy possible
- [Release Workflow](/docs/release-workflow.md) - Info about releases, CI and automated tasks

### Feature Docs
- [Authentication](/docs/authentication.md) - Guide to setting up authentication to protect your dashboard
- [Alternate Views](/docs/alternate-views.md) - Outline of available pages / views and item opening methods
- [Backup & Restore](/docs/backup-restore.md) - Guide to Dashy's cloud sync feature
- [Icons](/docs/icons.md) - Outline of all available icon types for sections and items
- [Language Switching](/docs/multi-language-support.md) - Details on how to switch language, or add a new locale
- [Status Indicators](/docs/status-indicators.md) - Using Dashy to monitor uptime and status of your apps
- [Searching  & Shortcuts](/docs/searching.md) - Finding and launching your apps, and using keyboard shortcuts
- [Theming](/docs/theming.md) - Complete guide to applying, writing and modifying themes and styles

### Misc
- [Privacy & Security](/docs/privacy.md) - List of requests, potential issues, and security resources
- [License](/LICENSE) - Copy of the MIT License
- [Legal](/.github/LEGAL.md) - Licenses of direct dependencies
- [Code of Conduct](/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct
- [Changelog](/.github/CHANGELOG.md) - Details of recent changes, and historical versions

Commit message:

:memo: Adds link to Widgets docs in contents page

docs/readme.md, after:

![Dashy Docs](https://i.ibb.co/4mdNf7M/heading-docs.png)

### Running Dashy
- [Quick Start](/docs/quick-start.md) - TDLR guide on getting Dashy up and running
- [Deployment](/docs/deployment.md) - Full guide on deploying Dashy either locally or online
- [Configuring](/docs/configuring.md) - Complete list of all available options in the config file
- [App Management](/docs/management.md) - Managing your app, updating, security, web server configuration, etc
- [Troubleshooting](/docs/troubleshooting.md) - Common errors and problems, and how to fix them

### Development and Contributing 
- [Developing](/docs/developing.md) - Running Dashy development server locally, and general workflow
- [Development Guides](/docs/development-guides.md) - Common development tasks, to help new contributors
- [Contributing](/docs/contributing.md) - How you can help keep Dashy alive
- [Showcase](/docs/showcase.md) - See how others are using Dashy, and share your dashboard
- [Credits](/docs/credits.md) - List of people and projects that have made Dashy possible
- [Release Workflow](/docs/release-workflow.md) - Info about releases, CI and automated tasks

### Feature Docs
- [Authentication](/docs/authentication.md) - Guide to setting up authentication to protect your dashboard
- [Alternate Views](/docs/alternate-views.md) - Outline of available pages / views and item opening methods
- [Backup & Restore](/docs/backup-restore.md) - Guide to backing up config with Dashy's cloud sync feature
- [Icons](/docs/icons.md) - Outline of all available icon types for sections and items, with examples
- [Language Switching](/docs/multi-language-support.md) - Details on how to switch language, or add a new locale
- [Status Indicators](/docs/status-indicators.md) - Using Dashy to monitor uptime and status of your apps
- [Searching  & Shortcuts](/docs/searching.md) - Searching, launching methods + keyboard shortcuts
- [Theming](/docs/theming.md) - Complete guide to applying, writing and modifying themes + styles
- [Widgets](/docs/widgets.md) - List of all dynamic content widgets, with usage guides and examples

### Misc
- [Privacy & Security](/docs/privacy.md) - List of requests, potential issues, and security resources
- [License](/LICENSE) - Copy of the MIT License
- [Legal](/.github/LEGAL.md) - Licenses of direct dependencies
- [Code of Conduct](/.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct
- [Changelog](/.github/CHANGELOG.md) - Details of recent changes, and historical versions
