docs/status-indicators.md, before:

# Status Indicators

Dashy has an optional feature that can display a small icon next to each of your running services, indicating it's current status. This is useful if you are using Dashy as your homelab's start page, as it gives you an overview of the health of each of your running services.

<p align="center">
  <img width="800" src="/docs/assets/status-check-demo.gif" />
</p>

## Enabling Status Indicators
By default, this feature is off. If you do not want this feature, just don't add the `statusCheck` to your conf.yml file, then no requests will be made.  

To enable status checks, you can either turn it on for all items, by setting `appConfig.statusCheck: true`, like:
```yaml
appConfig:
  statusCheck: true
```

Or you can enable/ disable it on a per-item basis, with the `item[n].statusCheck` attribute
```yaml
sections:
- name: Firewall
  items:
  - title: OPNsense
    description: Firewall Central Management
    icon: networking/opnsense.png
    url: https://192.168.1.1
		statusCheck: false
  - title: MalTrail
    description: Malicious traffic detection system
    icon: networking/maltrail.png
    url: http://192.168.1.1:8338
		statusCheck: true
  - title: Ntopng
    description: Network traffic probe and network use monitor
    icon: networking/ntop.png
    url: http://192.168.1.1:3001
		statusCheck: true
```

## How it Works

When Dashy is loaded, items with `statusCheck` enabled will make a request, to `https://[your-host-name]/ping?url=[address-or-servce]`, which in turn will ping that running service, and respond with a status code. Response time is calculated from the difference between start and end time of the request. 

An indicator will display next to each item, and will be yellow while waiting for the response to return, green if request was successful, red if it failed, and grey if it was unable to make the request all together.

All requests are made straight from your server, there is no intermediary. So providing you are hosting Dashy yourself, and are checking the status of other self-hosted services, there shouldn't be any privacy concerns.

Commit message:

:sparkles: Adds option for continious status checking Re #35

docs/status-indicators.md, after:

# Status Indicators

Dashy has an optional feature that can display a small icon next to each of your running services, indicating it's current status. This is useful if you are using Dashy as your homelab's start page, as it gives you an overview of the health of each of your running services.

<p align="center">
  <img width="800" src="/docs/assets/status-check-demo.gif" />
</p>

## Enabling Status Indicators
By default, this feature is off. If you do not want this feature, just don't add the `statusCheck` to your conf.yml file, then no requests will be made.  

To enable status checks, you can either turn it on for all items, by setting `appConfig.statusCheck: true`, like:
```yaml
appConfig:
  statusCheck: true
```

Or you can enable/ disable it on a per-item basis, with the `item[n].statusCheck` attribute
```yaml
sections:
- name: Firewall
  items:
  - title: OPNsense
    description: Firewall Central Management
    icon: networking/opnsense.png
    url: https://192.168.1.1
		statusCheck: false
  - title: MalTrail
    description: Malicious traffic detection system
    icon: networking/maltrail.png
    url: http://192.168.1.1:8338
		statusCheck: true
  - title: Ntopng
    description: Network traffic probe and network use monitor
    icon: networking/ntop.png
    url: http://192.168.1.1:3001
		statusCheck: true
```

## Continuous Checking
By default, with status indicators enabled Dashy will check an applications status on page load, and will not keep indicators updated. This is usually desirable behavior. However, if you do want the status indicators to continue to poll your running services, this can be enabled by setting the `statusCheckInterval` attribute. Here you define an interval in seconds, and Dashy will poll your apps every x seconds. Note that if this number is very low (below 5 seconds), you may notice the app running slightly slower.

The following example, will instruct Dashy to continuously check the status of your services every 20 seconds

```
appConfig:
  statusCheck: true
  statusCheckInterval: 20
```

## How it Works

When Dashy is loaded, items with `statusCheck` enabled will make a request, to `https://[your-host-name]/ping?url=[address-or-servce]`, which in turn will ping that running service, and respond with a status code. Response time is calculated from the difference between start and end time of the request. 

An indicator will display next to each item, and will be yellow while waiting for the response to return, green if request was successful, red if it failed, and grey if it was unable to make the request all together.

All requests are made straight from your server, there is no intermediary. So providing you are hosting Dashy yourself, and are checking the status of other self-hosted services, there shouldn't be any privacy concerns.
